One Of The Team
===============

The Hyper project is interested in fostering as much community as possible, to
encourage people interested in HTTP and HTTP/2 to get involved and get their
hands dirty.

For that reason, the Hyper project has a policy: if you have made a commit
to any of the Hyper sub-projects, you are automatically entitled to be made a
member of the `GitHub organisation`_: specifically, the `contributors team`_.
This team is empowered to create branches, merge pull requests, close bug
reports, and generally to get involved with the ongoing maintenance of all of
the hyper projects.

Membership of this team is *not mandatory*: if you're not interested in being a
part of the project, that's totally ok! Additionally, if you become a member
but later decide you aren't interested, that's fine too: you don't owe us any
of your time.

However, if you want a corner of the open source ecosystem to feel at home, we
want you to feel that way here. You should get as involved as you feel
comfortable with.

Maintainers
-----------

If you establish a record of valuable contribution and an understanding of the
workflow involved with the Hyper project, then you may be made a *sub-project
maintainer*. These members have additional authority over their sub-projects:
specifically, they are able to push directly to the master branch and to manage
the permissions of other contributors to their repository.

Maintainers have more authority to go along with their record of contribution,
and also have more responsibility for the continued good health of their
project. Good maintainership is a vital part of the ongoing health of these
sub-projects: it's the most important role in any open source project.

Maintainers are expected to be familiar with our :doc:`contributing` policy and
our :doc:`security` policy, as they'll be responsible for enforcing those
policies. They're also responsible for ensuring that as many of the
contributors as possible feel like they're making important contributions.
Maintainers are stewards of culture, as much as they are of code.


.. _GitHub organisation: https://github.com/python-hyper
.. _contributors team: https://github.com/orgs/python-hyper/teams/contributors
